Standardize publications using Zotero API (#474)
hms-dbmi/gehlenborglab-website: _publications/gehlenborg-2022-npj.md

year: 2022
type: article

publisher: "https://www.nature.com/articles/s41746-022-00601-0"
doi: "10.1038/s41746-022-00601-0"
zotero-key: "EL85K8FP"
cite:

>   authors: "GM Weber, C Hong, Z Xia, NP Palmer, P Avillach, S L’Yi, MS Keller, SN Murphy, A Gutiérrez-Sacristán, CL Bonzel, A Serret-Larmande, A Neuraz, GS Omenn, S Visweswaran, JG Klann, AM South, NHW Loh, M Cannataro, BK Beaulieu-Jones, R Bellazzi, G Agapito, M Alessiani, BJ Aronow, DS Bell, V Benoit, FT Bourgeois, L Chiovato, K Cho, A Dagliati, SL DuVall, NG Barrio, DA Hanauer, YL Ho, JH Holmes, RW Issitt, M Liu, Y Luo, KE Lynch, SE Maidlow, A Malovini, KD Mandl, C Mao, ME Matheny, JH Moore, JS Morris, M Morris, DL Mowery, KY Ngiam, LP Patel, M Pedrera-Jimenez, RB Ramoni, ER Schriver, P Schubert, PS Balazote, A Spiridou, ALM Tan, BWL Tan, V Tibollo, C Torti, EM Trecarichi, X Wang, *The Consortium for Clinical Characterization of COVID-19 by EHR (4CE)*, JR Aaron, A Albayrak, G Albi, A Alloni, DF Amendola, F Angoulvant, LLLJ Anthony, F Ashraf, A Atz, P Avillach, PS Azevedo, J Balshi, BK Beaulieu-Jones, A Bellasi, V Benoit, M Beraghi, JL Bernal-Sobrino, M Bernaux, R Bey, S Bhatnagar, A Blanco-Martínez, M Boeker, J Booth, S Bosari, RL Bradford, GA Brat, S Bréant, NW Brown, R Bruno, WA Bryant, M Bucalo, E Bucholz, A Burgun, T Cai, A Carmona, C Caucheteux, J Champ, KY Chen, J Chen, L Chiudinelli, K Cho, JJ Cimino, TK Colicchio, S Cormont, S Cossin, JB Craig, JL Cruz-Bermúdez, J Cruz-Rojo, M Daniar, C Daniel, P Das, B Devkota, A Dionne, R Duan, J Dubiel, L Esteve, H Estiri, S Fan, RW Follett, T Ganslandt, N García-Barrio, LX Garmire, N Gehlenborg, EJ Getzen, A Geva, T Gradinger, A Gramfort, R Griffier, N Griffon, O Grisel, A Gutiérrez-Sacristán, L Han, DA Hanauer, C Haverkamp, DY Hazard, B He, DW Henderson, M Hilka, KM Huling, MR Hutch, RW Issitt, AS Jannot, V Jouhet, R Kavuluru, CJ Kennedy, KF Kernan, DA Key, K Kirchoff, JG Klann, IS Kohane, ID Krantz, D Kraska, AK Krishnamurthy, TT Le, J Leblanc, G Lemaitre, L Lenert, D Leprovost, M Liu, Q Long, S Lozano-Zahonero, S Mahmood, SE Maidlow, A Makoudjou, A Maram, P Martel, MR Martins, JS Marwaha, AJ Masino, M Mazzitelli, A Mensch, M Milano, MF Minicucci, B Moal, TM Ahooyi, JH Moore, C Moraleda, JS Morris, KL Moshal, S Mousavi, DA Murad, SN Murphy, TP Naughton, CTB Neto, J Newburger, KY Ngiam, WFM Njoroge, JB Norman, J Obeid, MP Okoshi, KL Olson, GS Omenn, N Orlova, BD Ostasiewski, NP Palmer, N Paris, LP Patel, M Pedrera-Jiménez, AC Pfaff, ER Pfaff, D Pillion, S Pizzimenti, HU Prokosch, RA Prudente, A Prunotto, V Quirós-González, RB Ramoni, M Raskin, S Rieg, G Roig-Domínguez, P Rojo, P Rubio-Mayo, P Sacchi, C Sáez, E Salamanca, MJ Samayamuthu, LN Sanchez-Pinto, A Sandrin, N Santhanam, JCC Santos, FJ Sanz Vidorreta, M Savino, J Schuettler, L Scudeller, NJ Sebire, P Serrano-Balazote, P Serre, A Serret-Larmande, M Shah, ZSH Abad, D Silvio, P Sliz, J Son, C Sonday, AM South, F Sperotto, ZH Strasser, ALM Tan, BWQ Tan, SE Tanni, DM Taylor, AI Terriza-Torres, P Tippmann, EMS Toh, YJ Tseng, AK Vallejos, G Varoquaux, ME Vella, G Verdy, JJ Vie, S Visweswaran, M Vitacca, KB Wagholikar, LR Waitman, D Wassermann, GM Weber, M Wolkewitz, S Wong, Z Xia, X Xiong, Y Ye, N Yehya, W Yuan, A Zambelli, HG Zhang, D Zöller, V Zuccaro, C Zucco, IS Kohane, T Cai, GA Brat"

Author: ```suggestion
  authors: "GM Weber, C Hong, Z Xia, NP Palmer, P Avillach, S L’Yi, MS Keller, SN Murphy, A Gutiérrez-Sacristán, CL Bonzel, A Serret-Larmande, A Neuraz, GS Omenn, S Visweswaran, JG Klann, AM South, NHW Loh, M Cannataro, BK Beaulieu-Jones, R Bellazzi, G Agapito, M Alessiani, BJ Aronow, DS Bell, V Benoit, FT Bourgeois, L Chiovato, K Cho, A Dagliati, SL DuVall, NG Barrio, DA Hanauer, YL Ho, JH Holmes, RW Issitt, M Liu, Y Luo, KE Lynch, SE Maidlow, A Malovini, KD Mandl, C Mao, ME Matheny, JH Moore, JS Morris, M Morris, DL Mowery, KY Ngiam, LP Patel, M Pedrera-Jimenez, RB Ramoni, ER Schriver, P Schubert, PS Balazote, A Spiridou, ALM Tan, BWL Tan, V Tibollo, C Torti, EM Trecarichi, X Wang, *The Consortium for Clinical Characterization of COVID-19 by EHR (4CE)* (incl. N Gehlenborg), IS Kohane, T Cai, GA Brat"
```
